BUG: url regex in `style_render` does not pass colon and other valid (#46457)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.4.2.rst

~~~~~~~~~
- Fix some cases for subclasses that define their ``_constructor`` properties as general callables (:issue:`46018`)
- Fixed "longtable" formatting in :meth:`.Styler.to_latex` when ``column_format`` is given in extended format (:issue:`46037`)

> - Fix incorrect hyperlink rendering when the url contains colon or other special characters (:issue:`46389`)

Reviewer: I think this should be moved to 1.5.0.rst. It doesn't appear that this is a regression per se.

Reviewer 2: this is not a regression, but a bug fix. easily backported, mind.

Reviewer: @attack68 IIRC you might have added this feature in 1.4? If so, then okay to backport this fix for a new feature.

Reviewer 3: fine to backport, @attack68 if you confirm this fixes in 1.4 as well then good to go.

Reviewer 2: yes this fixed a 1.4.0 new feature.

> - Fix incorrect hyperlink rendering when the url contains colon or other special characters (:issue:`46389`)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect rendering in :meth:`.Styler.format` with ``hyperlinks="html"`` when the url contains a colon or other special characters (:issue:`46389`)
```
